hey guys um my name is David's gameplay
well my name regular name is David and
today I'm going to be showing you how to
get to dollar in at only level 49 well
I'm number 49 you can do it at level one
though so first you get a mage and you
invite her to a party if she accepts ask
her to port you to dollar in and this is
what she's doing right now and that
little mage person on the little corner
place that has the spiral swirling and
see now I went into our portal and it's
floating to go to dollar in um and this
is not fake also and the reason the
graphics I mean like that it's so crappy
qualities because I had to put this on
my editing software so i could
microphone over it as like because i
thought i was going to be all speeded up
but it won't let me for some reason um
so i thought i was going to edit it but
i'm really not i'm just microphone and
over it and so now we're going to go to
the silver and clave and right now it's
not showing my person because it's
getting lucky there we go you know how
world warcraft can be glitchy sometimes
but if you guys know where the silver
enclaves is then just go to it okay so
you can see me on the little mini map
and I mean on the big map and now you
can see where I'm going so that's
basically how you do it and see right
here the silver ink life you just turn
into here this is the alliance side if
your horde you go somewhere else it's
probably somewhere around here ok that's
the portal to these are all portals to
the different cities and this is the
portal no not that one not down this
portal this is the portal to chateau
city now if you get close enough you can
go to it that's what I found really cool
it was really weird I was like why does
it let me go here I don't I don't get
that I don't get that yeah I don't know
why it lets me but it does so yeah so
right now I'm in shattrath city i'm a
level 49 paladin in such a TRO city um
this is outland I was not really happy
when I found out that I was doing this
that's the portal to darnassus that's
the portal 2 that's per 0 time for the
middle ones the poor old
when I was really scared when I found
this out I was like no I want to spoil
this like I'm in shattrath city and I
was like whoa cuz I'm not I don't even
have a level 80 this is my highest level
character and this is what really bugged
me out I think my account like when he
got hacked because i did get hacked at
one time like I think then like unlocked
the flight path bored or something
because if you look okay watch this this
is really creepy it lets me go to these
different places see um that I of course
I didn't go because I didn't want to
spoil it um yeah it was really weird it
lets me go to the little place with the
dark portal and I was like oh my god no
i don't i don't want this